Ground truth: Emma wanted to show off her new comb, so she decided to act brave and walk to the park with it.
Reconstructed: Emma wanted to show off her new comb, so she decided to act brave and go with it to the park.

Ground truth: The horse pulled a big machine, the cows helped move the cut wheat, and the chickens picked up the small pieces.
Reconstructed: The horse pulled a large machine, the cows helped move the cut wheat, and the chickens picked the small pieces.

Ground truth: One day, a little boy named Tim came to Tom and said, "I want to learn how to use the arrow, please teach me."
Reconstructed: One day, a little boy named Tim came to Tom and said, "I want to learn how to use the arrow, please teach me".

Ground truth: When the peanut came back down, the animals learned that sharing with friends is more fun than keeping things for themselves.
Reconstructed: When the peanut came back down, the animals learned that sharing with friends is more fun than keeping things for themselves.

Ground truth: John and Lisa packed up their things, said goodbye to their sandy beach, and left with happy smiles on their faces.
Reconstructed: John and Lisa packed their things, said goodbye to their sandy beach, and left with happy smiles on their faces.

Ground truth: The moral of the story is that sharing is caring, and sometimes unexpected things can happen, but we can still be happy.
Reconstructed: The moral of the story is that sharing is caring, and sometimes unexpected things can happen, but we can still be happy.

Ground truth: John and Jim nodded, and from then on, they remembered to always make sure the pizza was on the plate when they touched it.
Reconstructed: John and Jim nodded, and from then on, they remembered to always make sure the pizza was on the plate when they touched it.

Ground truth: The lion was very happy, and he said, "Thank you, bird, for being my friend and helping me find more friends."
Reconstructed: The lion was very happy, and said, "Thank you, bird, for being my friend and helping me find more friends".

Ground truth: The crow looked at her and said, "No, I prefer to take a dip in the river to get clean."
Reconstructed: The crow looked at her and said, "No, I rather take a swim in the river to be cleansed".

Ground truth: Tom looked sad, and the old man continued: "I promise you, if you make sure all your things are taken care of, it will make you happier.
Reconstructed: Tom looked sad, and the old man continued: "I promise you, if you make sure that all of your belongings are taken care of, it will make you happier.

Ground truth: She was so excited that she even asked her parents to come back to the park so she could play the music again!
Reconstructed: She was so excited that she even asked her parents to come back to the park so she could play the music again!

Ground truth: The moral of the story is that when you learn something new, you should use your skills to help others and make the world a better place.
Reconstructed: The moral of the story is that when you learn something new, you should use your skills to help others and make the world a better place.

Ground truth: Tom made sure to never waste anything and was very careful with his things, and it made him very happy.
Reconstructed: Tom made sure to never waste anything and was very careful with his things, and it made him very happy.

Ground truth: They all ran as fast as they could, and Sneeze used her flexible body to jump over logs and twist around trees.
Reconstructed: They all ran as fast as they could, and Sneeze used her flexible body to jump over logs and twirl around trees.

Ground truth: One day, the smart train was going down the tracks very fast, when it saw something it had never seen before.
Reconstructed: One day, the smart train was going down the tracks very fast, when it saw something that it had never seen before.

Ground truth: They piled up the blocks as high as they could, and put a red cup on top to be the lava.
Reconstructed: They stacked the blocks as high as they could, and put a red cup on top to be the lava.

Ground truth: The train and the big green caterpillar became friends, and the train continued to take people to new places safely.
Reconstructed: The train and the big green caterpillar became friends, and the train continued to carry people to new places safely.

Ground truth: All her friends cheered for her, and they all agreed that Sneeze was the fastest and most flexible cat they knew.
Reconstructed: All her friends cheered for her, and they all agreed that Sneeze was the fastest and most flexible cat they knew.

Ground truth: His mom said, "Yes, we can go to the parade if you are a dependable boy and help me with some chores."
Reconstructed: His mother said, "Yes, we can go to the parade if you're a reliable boy and help me do some chores".

Ground truth: The doctor smiled and said in a kind voice "I can help you find your old home, but it might take some time.
Reconstructed: The doctor smiled and said in a kind voice "I can help you find your old home, but it may take some time.

Ground truth: One day she was wiping her toes, when a crow flew up and said, "What are you doing there?"
Reconstructed: One day she was wiping her toes off, when a crow flew in and said, "What are you doing there?"

Ground truth: From that day on, Freddy knew that the red car, the ambulance, was there to help his friends when they needed it.
Reconstructed: From that day on, Freddy knew that the red car, the ambulance, was there to help his friends when they needed it.

Ground truth: Once upon a time, in a small town, there were two groups of kids who did not like each other.
Reconstructed: Once upon a time, in a small town, there were two groups of kids who didn't like each other.

Ground truth: The men had looked and acted like they didn't belong there, and she should have known to stay away from them.
Reconstructed: The men had looked and acted like they didn't belong there, and she should have known to stay away from them.

Ground truth: She learned that even if you are impatient, good things can happen if you wait and take care of them.
Reconstructed: She learned that even if you are impatient, good things can happen if you wait and take care of them.

Ground truth: Tom felt good about helping his friend, and he learned that even a lazy cat can do something nice for others.
Reconstructed: Tom felt good about helping his friend, and he learned that even a lazy cat can do something nice for others.

Ground truth: The old man smiled and thought to himself, 'Promises made with wise words are like wisdom itself - precious and priceless.'
Reconstructed: The old man smiled and thought to himself, 'Promises made with wise words are like wisdom itself - precious and priceless.'

Ground truth: They had worked so hard, but now they could not have their party because the horse was stuck in the hole.
Reconstructed: They had worked so hard, but now they could not have their party because the horse was stuck in the hole.

Ground truth: Kitty was so happy that she could organize a fun day for her friends with the help of the towel and her funny ideas.
Reconstructed: Kitty was so happy that she could organize a fun day for her friends with the help of the towel and her funny ideas.

Ground truth: I want to go home"  The doctor and Rose set off on an incredible journey and eventually, Rose found her way back home.
Reconstructed: I wanna go home". The doctor and Rose set out on an incredible journey and eventually, Rose found her way back home.

