Ground truth: based on the analytic energy loss formalism of berezinsky _
Reconstructed: based on the analytic energy loss formalism of berezinsky _

Ground truth: last , we show that this vacuum squeezing can be interpreted as _ polarization squeezing_.
Reconstructed: last, we show that this vacuum squeezing can be interpreted as _ polarization squeezing_.

Ground truth: we find that the circular polarization can not be detected for an isotropic background .
Reconstructed: we find that the circular polarization cannot be detected for an isotropic background .

Ground truth: for example , repeated computations due to accumulated data are computationally prohibitive .
Reconstructed: for example , repeated calculations due to accumulated data are computationally prohibitive .

Ground truth: we show that this operation is compatible with the mutation operation on the tilting objects .
Reconstructed: we show that this operation is compatible with the mutation operation on the tilting objects .

Ground truth: the measurements were performed with the wasa detector setup at cosy .
Reconstructed: the measurements were done with the wasa detector setup at cosy .

Ground truth: tarasov * +   ii .
Reconstructed: tarasov * + ii .

Ground truth: =     =    =     =
Reconstructed: = = = = =

Ground truth: we describe a new paradox for ideal fluids .
Reconstructed: we describe a new paradox for ideal fluids .

Ground truth: we have tested a mirror that we believe meets our criterion , the alpao dm52 mirror .
Reconstructed: we have tested a mirror that we believe meets our criterion , the alpao dm52 mirror .

Ground truth: this arrangement is referred to as a woofer - tweeter system .
Reconstructed: this arrangement is referred to as a woofer-tweeter system .

Ground truth: in other words , the helical world chain describes the particle rotation with superluminal velocity .
Reconstructed: In other words , the helicular world chain describes the spin of particles with superluminal speed .

Ground truth: typically , algorithms for dimensionality reduction are computationally expensive .
Reconstructed: typically , algorithms for dimensional reduction are computationally expensive .

Ground truth: this is similar for two v systems .
Reconstructed: this is similar for two v systems .

Ground truth: envelope solitary waves that appear in fiber and waveguide nonlinear optics .
Reconstructed: envelope lone waves that appear in fiber and wave-guide nonlinear optics .

Ground truth: this provides the strongest constraint yet that the substellar imf turns over ( @xmath0 , @xmath1 ) .
Reconstructed: this provides the strongest constraint so far that the substellar imf turns over ( @xmath0 , @xmath1).

Ground truth: we discuss several novel types of multi - component ( temporal and spatial )
Reconstructed: we discuss several new types of multi-component (temporal and spatial)

Ground truth: the luminosity function of ngc 2477 may flatten at @xmath0 @xmath3 9.5 .
Reconstructed: the luminance function of ngc 2477 may flatten at @ xmath0 @ xmath3 9.5 .

Ground truth: we also show how to separate polarized gravitational waves from unpolarized gravitational waves .
Reconstructed: we also show how to separate polarized gravitational waves from unpolarized gravitational waves .

Ground truth: # 1_#1 _ =    # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in
Reconstructed: # 1_# 1 _ # = 1.25 in .125 in .25 in .25

Ground truth: new methods for obtaining functional equations for feynman integrals are presented .
Reconstructed: new methods for obtaining functional equations for feynman integrals are presented.

Ground truth: for both cases   we give the exact rate function .
Reconstructed: for both cases we give the exact rate function .

Ground truth: we calculate generalized overlap reduction functions for the circularly polarized stochastic gravitational wave background .
Reconstructed: we calculate generalized overlap reduction functions for the circularly polarized stochastic gravity wave background .

Ground truth: electroweak corrections to longitudinal gauge and higgs boson scattering amplitudes are calculated .
Reconstructed: Electro-weak corrections to the longitudinal gauge and amplitude distributions of the Higgs boson are calculated .

Ground truth: in the inner disks of both galaxies ,   the x - factor is about @xmath8 .
Reconstructed: In the inner disks of both galaxies , the x-factor is about @ xmath8 .

Ground truth: we also confirm the previous unpolarized data obtained under complementary kinematic conditions .
Reconstructed: we also confirm the previous unpolarised data obtained under complementary kinematic conditions .

Ground truth: of physics , boston university , + 590 commonwealth ave .
Reconstructed: of physics , Boston University , + 590 Commonwealth Ave .

Ground truth: 3em elizabeth h. simmons & yumian su 2em _ dept .
Reconstructed: 3em elizabeth h simmons & yumian su u . _ 3em _ department .

Ground truth: ,   boston , ma 02215 _
Reconstructed: , boston , ma 02215 _

Ground truth: this approximation can only be valid if applied to fluctuations that involve a sufficiently large number of molecules .
Reconstructed: this approximation can only be valid if applied to fluctuations that involve a sufficiently large number of molecules .

