the vogel - fulcher - tammann thermal activation law thereby holds true for a bulk polymer glass but is modified in the neighborhood of the boundaries of thin film polymers .
we consider fqhe for su(4 ) symmetry , as appropriate for the situation when all four spin and valley landau bands are degenerate , and predict new fqhe states that have no analog in gaas .   
 strong subadditivity inequality for a three - particle composite system is an important inequality in quantum information theory which can be studied via a four - particle entangled state .   
 we analyze the dynamics of a single - level quantum dot with coulomb interaction , weakly tunnel coupled to an electronic reservoir , after it has been brought out of equilibrium , e.g. by a step - pulse potential .   
furthermore , a white noise seems to be key for the formation of circular structures ( target patterns ) which could not be as yet systematically explained in existing models .
the theory of gravitationally bound gaseous cylinders predicts the existence of such cores , which , due to the `` sausage '' or `` varicose '' fluid instability , fragment from the cylinder at a characteristic length scale .   
t_4^{-0.845}$ ] scaled to fiducial values of clumping factor @xmath6 , escape fraction @xmath7 , electron temperature @xmath8  k , and low - metallicity initial mass functions ( imf ) and stellar atmospheres .   
our results confirm that the density of states has a step - like shape but no square - root singularity at the spectrum onset .
if turbulent pressure dominates over thermal pressure in nessie , then the observed core spacing matches theoretical predictions .   
in general , a classical solution in a tensor model may be physically regarded as a background space , and small fluctuations about the solution as emergent fields on the space .   
 mesoscopic dynamics of self - organized structures is the most important aspect in the description of complex living systems .   
the first one deals with one of the most unresolved problems in astrophysics , i.e. , the existence of a blue loop after core helium ignition ; the so called `` to loop or not to loop '' problem .   
 the first renormalisable quantum field theories on non - commutative space have been found recently .   
in the commonly employed regime   where the qubit dynamics can be described by a markov master equation of lindblad type , we find that for almost all qubit initial states inside the bloch sphere , decoherence is complete while the total state is still separable - no entanglement is involved .
the individuals alive in these models correspond to the leaves in the tree and the following two laws of large numbers concerning the structure of the tree - top are well - known : ( i ) the ( shortest ) distance , denoted by @xmath0 , from the tree - top to the level when there are @xmath1 lines in the tree satisfies @xmath2 almost surely ; ( ii ) at time @xmath0 , the population is naturally partitioned in exactly @xmath1 families where individuals belong to the same family if they have a common ancestor at time @xmath0 in the past .
 the hires collaboration has recently announced preliminary measurements of the energy spectrum of ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( uhecr ) , as seen in monocular analyses from each of the two hires sites .   
 to study the dynamics of chemical processes , we often adopt rate equations to observe the change in chemical concentrations .   
we found a clear difference in the total mass ratio of c to dust , @xmath7(c)/@xmath7(dust ) , between the t tauri stars and protostellar targets ; the @xmath7(c)/@xmath7(dust ) ratio of the t tauri stars is one order of magnitude smaller than that of the protostars .   
prior to our search   , only two pulsating white dwarfs had been observed by _   kepler_.
the answer is likely to be negative , unless some selection bias against very low metallicity stars is present in the observations .
two 1024 x 1024 focal plane arrays record the output spectral images with an instantaneous spectral coverage of approximately one third of the full wavelength range of each channel .   
our newly developed on - line reionization simulator allows users to assess the required sfr and ionization histories , using a variety of assumptions for galactic and stellar populations , igm clumping factor and temperature , and lyc escape fraction .   
for example , the suppression factor for the cross section of @xmath0 scattering due to these corrections varies from @xmath1 at the center of mass energy of @xmath2 to a factor of @xmath3 at the center of mass energy of @xmath4 .   
benefits and drawbacks of the technique for the characterization of planetary systems , and future prospects are briefly reviewed .      
 it is a known fact that a quintessence model with @xmath0 fits the publicly available super nova ( sn ) type ia data better than a model with cosmological constant or @xmath1 .   
we first show that learning in this setting is indeed possible , and develop a learning algorithm .   
we provide a simple analysis of the phenomena responsible for the squeezing and trace the origin of vacuum squeezing not to sr , but to crossed kerr effect induced by the mean field .   
two protostars in the taurus l1551 region , l1551 irs 5 and hl tau , were also observed .   
in recent works   , we have studied spectral evolution within the individual pulses and obtained such correlations within the pulses .
we find a smooth relation between the location of the luminosity function turn - over and the metallicity for all these low mass star samples which matches the expected @xmath0 versus [ fe / h ] trend for a model star of @xmath2 0.27 m@xmath1 ( saumon 1995 ; alexander _
