Emma wanted to show off her new comb, so she decided to act brave and walk to the park with it.
The horse pulled a big machine, the cows helped move the cut wheat, and the chickens picked up the small pieces.
One day, a little boy named Tim came to Tom and said, "I want to learn how to use the arrow, please teach me."
When the peanut came back down, the animals learned that sharing with friends is more fun than keeping things for themselves.
John and Lisa packed up their things, said goodbye to their sandy beach, and left with happy smiles on their faces.
The moral of the story is that sharing is caring, and sometimes unexpected things can happen, but we can still be happy.
John and Jim nodded, and from then on, they remembered to always make sure the pizza was on the plate when they touched it.
The lion was very happy, and he said, "Thank you, bird, for being my friend and helping me find more friends."
The crow looked at her and said, "No, I prefer to take a dip in the river to get clean."  
Tom looked sad, and the old man continued: "I promise you, if you make sure all your things are taken care of, it will make you happier.
She was so excited that she even asked her parents to come back to the park so she could play the music again!
The moral of the story is that when you learn something new, you should use your skills to help others and make the world a better place.
Tom made sure to never waste anything and was very careful with his things, and it made him very happy.
They all ran as fast as they could, and Sneeze used her flexible body to jump over logs and twist around trees.
One day, the smart train was going down the tracks very fast, when it saw something it had never seen before.
They piled up the blocks as high as they could, and put a red cup on top to be the lava.
The train and the big green caterpillar became friends, and the train continued to take people to new places safely.
All her friends cheered for her, and they all agreed that Sneeze was the fastest and most flexible cat they knew.
His mom said, "Yes, we can go to the parade if you are a dependable boy and help me with some chores."
The doctor smiled and said in a kind voice "I can help you find your old home, but it might take some time.
One day she was wiping her toes, when a crow flew up and said, "What are you doing there?"  
From that day on, Freddy knew that the red car, the ambulance, was there to help his friends when they needed it.
Once upon a time, in a small town, there were two groups of kids who did not like each other.
The men had looked and acted like they didn't belong there, and she should have known to stay away from them.
She learned that even if you are impatient, good things can happen if you wait and take care of them.
Tom felt good about helping his friend, and he learned that even a lazy cat can do something nice for others.
The old man smiled and thought to himself, 'Promises made with wise words are like wisdom itself - precious and priceless.'  
They had worked so hard, but now they could not have their party because the horse was stuck in the hole.
Kitty was so happy that she could organize a fun day for her friends with the help of the towel and her funny ideas.
I want to go home"  The doctor and Rose set off on an incredible journey and eventually, Rose found her way back home.
