Ground truth: On the way home, Sally held the rock tight.
Reconstructed: On the way home, Sally held the rock tightly.

Ground truth: "A big egg!"
Reconstructed: "A large egg!"

Ground truth: He wants to stay at home and rest.
Reconstructed: He wants to stay at home and rest.

Ground truth: The tree had fallen on the tracks!
Reconstructed: The tree had fallen on the tracks!

Ground truth: Once upon a time, there was a selfish cat.
Reconstructed: Once upon a time, there was an selfish cat.

Ground truth: They both laughed and went back to the park.
Reconstructed: They both laughed and went back to the park.

Ground truth: <|endoftext|>
Reconstructed: < kdendoftext kdendofte>

Ground truth: She signs, "No, you can't see the gas.
Reconstructed: She signs, "No, you can't see the gas.

Ground truth: <|endoftext|>
Reconstructed: < kdendoftext kdendofte>

Ground truth: Lila said.
Reconstructed: Lila said.

Ground truth: Mom said.
Reconstructed: Mom said.

Ground truth: She went home sad, without her bright spark.
Reconstructed: She went home sad, without her bright spark.

Ground truth: Ben shouted.
Reconstructed: Ben yelled.

Ground truth: Can you pay me?"
Reconstructed: Can you pay me?"

Ground truth: The butterfly was sad but it didn't give up.
Reconstructed: The butterfly was sad but it didn't give up.

Ground truth: But we have each other, and we have fun.
Reconstructed: But we have each other, and we have fun.

Ground truth: The glow was coming from a big, shiny rock.
Reconstructed: The glow was coming from a big, shiny rock.

Ground truth: It will be easy if we all work together."
Reconstructed: It will be easy if we all work together".

Ground truth: It was a rough game, but they liked it.
Reconstructed: It was a tough game, but they liked it.

Ground truth: <|endoftext|>
Reconstructed: < kdendoftext kdendofte>

Ground truth: The blocks collapsed and scattered everywhere.
Reconstructed: The blocks collapsed and scattered everywhere.

Ground truth: <|endoftext|>
Reconstructed: < kdendoftext kdendofte>

Ground truth: Tom says, "But mom, I will miss school.
Reconstructed: Tom says, "But mom, I'll miss school.

Ground truth: The dog spoke!
Reconstructed: The dog spoke!

Ground truth: He saw a big dog named Max.
Reconstructed: He saw a big dog named Max.

Ground truth: They turned on the light.
Reconstructed: They turned on the light.

Ground truth: But Sara does not hear her.
Reconstructed: But Sara doesn't hear her.

Ground truth: Tim pressed the button and the car disappeared.
Reconstructed: Tim pressed the button and the car disappeared.

Ground truth: It was a small red car.
Reconstructed: It was a small red car.

Ground truth: They both smiled and said, "Bye!"
Reconstructed: They both smiled and said, "Bye!"

